Update install instructions for new UCX version (#666)
rapidsai/ucx-py: docs/source/install.rst

    make -j install

.. note::

>     If you're running on a machine without CUDA then you _must NOT_ apply the patch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're running on a machine without CUDA then you _must NOT_ apply any of the patches above.
```
